Lk combine shard metrics (#1215)
broadinstitute/warp: website/docs/Pipelines/Multiome_Pipeline/README.md

| multimappers_Rescue_matrix | `UniqueAndMult-Rescue.mtx` | Optional output produced when `soloMultiMappers` is "Rescue"; see STARsolo [documentation](https://github.com/alexdobin/STAR/blob/master/docs/STARsolo.md#multi-gene-reads) for more information. |
| multimappers_PropUnique_matrix | `UniqueAndMult-PropUnique.mtx` | Optional output produced when `soloMultiMappers` is "PropUnique"; see STARsolo [documentation](https://github.com/alexdobin/STAR/blob/master/docs/STARsolo.md#multi-gene-reads) for more information.|
| gex_aligner_metrics | `<input_id>.star_metrics.tar` | Text file containing per barcode metrics (`CellReads.stats`) produced by the GEX pipeline STARsolo aligner. |

> | library_metrics | `<input_id>_library_metrics.csv` | CSV file with all library-level metrics calculated from STARsolo for gene expression data. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| library_metrics | `<input_id>_library_metrics.csv` | Optional CSV file containing all library-level metrics calculated with STARsolo for gene expression data. |
```
